index.md, before:

---
title: Home
permalink: index.html
---
If you have never written your own book, it's a difficult prospect. 

How do you go from idea to execution, let alone publication? 

## Coaching helps. Here's why.
The right coach will help you:

* find the method that works for you
* build a writing practice
* troubleshoot issues that come up, from emotion to lifestyle
* connect you to others, such as book marketers
* support you with connections to learning opportunities as they arise
* get expert editorial feedback 
* keep you on track and accountable
* lavish you with praise when it's due
* be endlessly encouraging (when all your friends and family are scoffing at you).

### How does it work?

The most important thing about working with a coach is knowing that you can work together! 

That's why you get a FREE consultation for up to an hour + your first coaching call also for free. 

Then, if you decide that this could be the most awesome thing ever, here's what will happen:

* You commit to paying $490 (AUD) per month
* Together we set expectations for the relationship, on both sides. Great rules make things work!
* You get 1 x 60-minute call every month
* You get support via WhatsApp, Signal or Telegram, for your own growth, to bounce ideas and get feedback between calls.

But if you're not committed to the work, it won't work! Inspiration has to find you working. :)

### Got a writers' group and want to do it together? Join a Group List!

When you have a full group, you'll pay just $116 AUD per month. Once there is enough people on the list, you will join a monthly, 5-person call. If you have 4 keen friends - or 4 other writers you meet with - it's a great option.

If you don't have a writers' group, you can [put your name on the list](https://brutalpixie.typeform.com/to/n55yGQ). As soon as we have our next 5 on the list, we'll launch the next group.

### Who is my coach?

Your coach is [Leticia Mooney](http://biodagar.com/about), who describes herself as a 'born writer'. She is a professional writer & editor by training; she has owned a publishing house, and produced books for herself and others.

Leticia has experience in publishing production both online and offline. Her company [Brutal Pixie](https://brutalpixie.com) now brings production expertise to complex industries like law, to support continuous marketing efforts. 

Your coach is a highly experienced coach and mentor, and has spent much of her life working to improve the style and talent of writers.

Her own books include [Music Journalism 101](https://www.amazon.com/Music-Journalism-101-definitive-established/dp/0992283701), [The Art of Postcard Writing](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Postcard-Writing-Better-Travel/dp/0646903616), [Brilliant Blawgs](http://brutalpixie.com/brilliant-blawgs-playbook-creating-maintaining-strategic-blogs-clients-prospects-love). In October 2018 she finished her first screenplay, and is working on two more books [She has an author page on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Leticia-Supple/e/B071GTJNC9), and an open writing journal at [Patreon](http://patreon.com/biodagar).

### What others have said:

"This is so valuable for my ability to progress. Can we extend for another six months?" 
~ Amanda, New York City (USA)

"I wouldn't have thought to try that method [audio]! Great idea!" 
~ James, Perth (Australia)

## Test the waters today, with a FREE consultation. [Learn more here](https://calendly.com/brutalpixie/client-call)

Got questions? [Send your message now.](https://brutalpixie.typeform.com/to/n55yGQ)

Commit message:

Make the text more friendly.

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
permalink: index.html
---
If you have never written your own book, it's a difficult prospect. 

How do you go from idea to execution, let alone publication? 

## Coaching helps. Here's why.
The right coach will help you:

* find the method that works for you
* build a writing practice
* troubleshoot issues that come up, from emotion to lifestyle
* connect you to others, such as book marketers
* support you with connections to learning opportunities as they arise
* get expert editorial feedback 
* keep you on track and accountable
* lavish you with praise when it's due
* be endlessly encouraging (when all your friends and family are scoffing at you).

### Step 1: Get all the freebies!

Snap up your FREE hour-long consultation. If you want another one four weeks later, it'll be a full coaching call, and you also get that for free.

Decide afterwards if you want to continue.

### Step 2: Feel the brilliance of creation, decide you want more of it

If you do, you can choose **either alone or in a group**.

Here's how it works. 

* You get 1 x 60-minute call every month
* You set your direction with support, prompting (or challenge) from your coach
* You get support via WhatsApp, Signal or Telegram, for your own growth, to bounce ideas and get feedback between calls.

You start working. Remember, inspiration has to find you working. :)

#### Pricing: Individual vs Groups
$490*/month for individuals
$490*/month for groups of 5.

So if you have 4 friends who also want to write, you pay $116* per month each. 

And if you don't have any friends (because, let's face it, you're a writer and spend most of your time alone), [put your name on the list](https://brutalpixie.typeform.com/to/n55yGQ). As soon as we have our next 5 on the list, we'll launch the next group.

* All prices are in Australian dollars, and include GST.

### Who is my coach?

Your coach is [Leticia Mooney](http://biodagar.com/about), has mentored dozens of writers. She is a professional writer & editor by training; she has owned a publishing house, and produced books for herself and others.

Leticia has experience in publishing production both online and offline. Her company [Brutal Pixie](https://brutalpixie.com) now brings production expertise to complex industries like law, to support continuous marketing efforts. 

Your coach is a highly experienced coach and mentor, and has spent much of her life working to improve the style and talent of other writers: In business, in non-fiction, in fiction.

Her own books include [Music Journalism 101](https://www.amazon.com/Music-Journalism-101-definitive-established/dp/0992283701), [The Art of Postcard Writing](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Postcard-Writing-Better-Travel/dp/0646903616), [Brilliant Blawgs](http://brutalpixie.com/brilliant-blawgs-playbook-creating-maintaining-strategic-blogs-clients-prospects-love). In October 2018 she finished her first screenplay, and is working on two more books [She has an author page on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Leticia-Supple/e/B071GTJNC9), and an open writing journal at [Patreon](http://patreon.com/biodagar).

### What others have said:

"This is so valuable for my ability to progress. Can we extend for another six months?" 
~ Amanda, New York City (USA)

"I wouldn't have thought to try that method [audio]! Great idea!" 
~ James, Perth (Australia)

## Test the waters today, with a FREE consultation. [Learn more here](https://calendly.com/brutalpixie/client-call)

Got questions? [Send your message now.](https://brutalpixie.typeform.com/to/n55yGQ)
